README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Initialize Server Actions Memo Project with client-server integration examples and secure server-side actions.

README.md, after:

- Server side actions are mainly, for now, used to perform mutations from client side as they make a POST Request

-If you want to call server Action from the client side, you'll have to create a separate file with "use server" written at the start of the file.

// lib/action.ts
"use server"

export async function mutate(){}

- To call Server action from the server side you can just write "use server" at the top of the function body.

async function handleSubmit() {
    "use server"

    ....
}

or a deeper dive into Server Actions in Next.js, check out this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKZAXFjxlJI

Server Actions Memo Project

This project demonstrates the use of Server Side Actions in Next.js 15 for handling server-side operations efficiently.

Key Features
Server Side Actions: Used primarily for performing mutations via POST requests.
Client-Server Integration: Examples of calling Server Actions from both client and server contexts.
Secure and Performant: Implements best practices for security and efficient data handling.
